docs: document crdb integration (#30873)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/ingest-data/cockroachdb/_index.md

---
title: "CockroachDB"
description: "Connecting Materialize to a CockroachDB source."
disable_list: true
menu:
  main:
    parent: "ingest-data"
    name: "CockroachDB"
    identifier: "crdb"
    weight: 16
---

## Change Data Capture (CDC)

Materialize supports CockroachDB as a real-time data source. Using Kafka with
CockroachDB
[Changefeeds](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/change-data-capture-overview),

> Materialize can consume changefeedsto create and efficiently maintain real-time

Author: ```suggestion
Materialize can consume changefeed sto create and efficiently maintain real-time
```
